# Python Webserver
### Python

_Develop a web server in a programming language of your choice (Python suggested) that does the following_:   

[] Recreates the following HTTP 1.1 methodsbased on RFC 2616: GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, and CONNECT   
[] Returns the following response codes, when appropriate: 200, 400, 401, 403, 404, 411, 500, 505.   
[] Executes server-side scripts.   
  []The server-side scripting languages supported by the webserver should be arbitrary; one should be able to integrate any scripting language (PHP, NodeJS, Python, Bash, Perl, Lisp, etc.) with the webserver with minimal effort.    
  []You may want to research CGI.   
[] Logs good requests and bad requests in different log files, as Apache does.   
[] Uses a configuration file for the following server settings:   
  [] Specify the IP address that the server is listening on   
  [] Port that the server is listening on   
  [] Permit disabling any of the above HTTP methods   
  [] Root folder for the web application on the host   
  [] Location where requests are logged   
  [] Location where bad requests are logged   
[] Uses one or more configuration files for specifying what server-side scripting languages are supported and/or how to execute th   

### PHP
+ Build a web application in PHP that can be run on your webserver. The web application must:   
  [X] Allow login and differentiate logged in users from individuals that are not logged in.   
  [] Use GET and POST requests.   
  [] Display information retrieved from a database.   
  [X] Provide a form for submitting and updating data in a database.   
  [X] Provide a logout feature.   
  [x] Use CSS to render HTML generated by the PHP scripts in an attractive way.   
  [x] Use client-side JavaScript to enhance the experience of using the   
  [] Add database

### Node
_Pending_
